Oh, dear.
Not dead
I still have to rely on you to save me
When I get stronger
I'll pay you back.
Are you all right?
I'm fair, sorry.
It doesn't matter.
Thank you just now for saving me
You are badly hurt
Lie down, why are you suddenly so good?
Let me help you.
I treated you like that
Don't you hate me?
Why hate
You see an injured puppy on the side of the road
Would you give up just because he bared his teeth at you?
Puppy
Don't you think
What you just looked like
Does it look like a wounded puppy on the side of the road?
Well, or you can change it to a kitten.
Let me tell you something.
OK
Why do you keep looking at me?
Listen to you
What's there to see when I talk?
Snow White
I think
What do you think?
Do you want to touch my chest?
I tell you little red
You now think you are also a crime
What do you think?